---
layout: post
title:  GENSIM Scientific School
event: Annex 60 workshop
link: http://www.ibpsa.fr/index.php?option=com_content&view=category&id=1:conferences&layout=blog&Itemid=55
date:   2016-10-24
categories: meeting news
type: workshop
author: Etienne Wurtz and Michael Wetter
---

Following the completion of the research phase of Annex 60 of the International Energy Agency's EBC programme, IBPSA France in collaboration with Michael Wetter from LBNL invites you to participate in the GENSIM scientific school that will be held on October 24th until October 28th in Porticcio in Corsica (France) for hands-on training of Modelica, FMI, BIM and GIS developed within Annex 60, to present the main results obtained in Annex 60, and to plan for the upcoming IBPSA Project 1.

The work undergone within the Annex 60  is related to the development of future simulation platforms and this will be the opportunity to present new building and thermal systems modeling libraries based on Modelica.

The school will also tackle issues related to interoperability and co-simulation by presenting the FMI concepts for different scales ranging from thermal systems to building and district levels.

The school is open to all scientists, researchers and practitioners interested in innovations in the building/district energy simulation field as well as in hands-on workshops. We will organize training sessions for beginners addressed especially to young PhD students and novice users as well as for more experienced users. These workshops will be led by senior researchers who are willing to share their experience.

Presentations from attendees dealing with the innovation in simulation or applications using the Modelica modeling language and FMI-based co-simulation are welcome (5min oral presentation or poster). A one page including title, names, affiliations and abstract should be send to mohamad.ibrahim@cea.fr before September 30th, 2016 for a first review.
The final presentation should be sent to mohamad.ibrahim@cea.fr before October 20th, 2016 as a pdf format.

Thank you to register early for the school on the following link due to organizational reasons:
[Registration form](http://goo.gl/forms/0QUxI0eosQj2nw0g1)

For registration fees, see the [GENSIM flyer.]({{ site.url }}/downloads/2016-10-24-gensim-flyer.pdf)

We look forward to seeing you in Porticcio

Etienne Wurtz

President of IBPSA France
